## Mathematical formulation

$$
\min Z(\bold{x})=\sum_{a\in A}\int^{x_a}_0t_a(\omega)d\omega
\\
s.t.\begin{cases}
\sum\limits_{\pi\in\Pi^{r,s}}h^{r,s}_\pi=q^{r,s},\quad\forall r\in R,\forall s\in S
\\
\\
h^{r,s}_\pi\geq 0,\quad\forall r\in R,\forall s\in S,\forall\pi\in\Pi^{r,s}
\\
\\
\tau^{r,s}_\pi h^{r,s}_\pi=0,\quad\forall r\in R,\forall s\in S,\forall\pi\in\Pi^{r,s}
\end{cases}
$$



## Solution algorithm

**Step 0: Path set generation.** Conduct FW algorithm to obtain the UE flow pattern. Based on the results obtain the first $u$-shortest paths as the **total path set** $P_{rs},\forall r,s$ using Yen's algorithm. Reset $x_a=0,\forall a$ and $t_a=t_a(x_a),\forall a$. Based on the information provision strategy $\bold{\tau}=\{(\tau^{r,s},\forall r,s)|\tau^{r,s}=0\ or\ 1\},\tau\in\Tau$ create the **potential path set** $\Pi_{rs},\forall r,s$.

**Step 1: Initialization**. Initialize the **working path set $K_{rs}$** with the shortest path in the potential path set $\Pi_{rs},\forall r,s$ and assign the travel demand $q_{rs}$ to this path. Set iteration counter $n=1$. This yields path flows $f^{rs}_1,\forall (r,s)$ and link flows $x^1_a,\forall a$. Set $t_a^n=t_a(x^n_a),\forall a$. Update the path cost $d^n_k,\forall $ k $\in K_{rs},\forall (r,s)$.

**Step 2: Direction finding.** Find the shortest path $\overline{k}^n_{rs}$ in potential path set $\Pi_{rs}$ for each O-D pair based on the current travel cost. If $\overline{k}^n_{rs}$ is not in the working path set $K_{rs}$, add it to $K_{rs}$ and record $d_{\overline{k}^n_{rs}}$. If not, tag the shortest among the paths in $K_{rs}$ as $\overline{k}^n_{rs}$. Let $\overline{k}^n_{rs}$ be the basic path.

**Step 3: Move(Gradient Projection).** Set the new path flows:
$$
f^{n+1}_k=max\{0,f^n_k-\frac{d^n_k-d_{\overline{k}^n_{rs}}}{\sum_\alpha\frac{\partial t^n_\alpha}{\partial x^n_\alpha}}\}\quad\forall r,s,\ k\in K_{rs},k\neq k_{\overline{k}^n_{rs}}
$$
where $\alpha$ denotes links that are on either $k$ or $\overline{k}_{rs}$, but not on both. Also
$$
f^{n+1}_{\overline{k}^n_{rs}}=q_{rs}-\sum_kf^{n+1}_k\quad\forall\ k\in K_{rs},k\neq\overline{k}^n_{rs}
$$
Every time the flow shift between one non-basic path $\overline{k}^n_{rs}$ and basic path $k$ is done, 

+ Update the link flows $x^{n+1}_a$ and path flow of $\overline{k}^n_{rs}$ and $k$ 
+ Set $t_a^n=t_a(x^n_a),\forall a$
+ Update the path cost $d^n_k$ for all the path k $\in K_{rs},\forall (r,s)$.

**Step 4: Update the working path set**. Drop paths from $K_{rs}$ for every OD pair $(r,s)$ if they are no longer used.

**Step 5: Convergence test**. If the convergence criterion
$$
\gamma=\frac{\sum_{(i,j)\in A}t_{ij}x_{ij}}{\sum_{(r,s)\in Z^2}d_{\overline{k}^n_{rs}}q^{rs}}-1\leq\epsilon
$$
 is met, stop. Else, set $n=n+1$ and go to step 2.
